Questions I've been asked in technical interview:

Asp.Net MVC:

1. What is MVC?
2. Explain MVC archietecture
3.What are areas in MVC?
4.Advantages of MVC?
5.Advantages of MVC over WebForms?
6.Filters in MVC?
7.Explain routing?
8.Types of routing and explan with examples?
9.Lifecycle of HTTP request in MVC?
10. Explain the sequence of HHTP request execution in MVC?
11. What is Razor?
12. When Razor was introduced?
13.Advantages of Razor?
14.Partial Views?
15. Execution plan of MVC application
16. Binding and Minification with examples
17.Different types of Http Methods in MVC?
18. Authentication & Authorization in MVC?
19.Types of Authentication?
20. Execution plan of Authentication?
21. How to pass data from Controller to View? Explain types? and differences
22. What are components in MVC and explain their roles?
23.How to pass the data from one action method to another action method with in controller?
24.Explain the result: (Output Finding)

public ActionResult Index(){
try
{
//some code here;
Gets ArgumentNullReference Exception;
}
catch{
RedirectToAction(controller,Action);
}
catch{
//some code to Handle Argument Null Reference Exception;
}
}

25. Code Test:
Create a single view page for file upload control to handle both the HttpGet and HttpPost Methods.
Initial Requirement:
1. Write only controller and view page. Model not required.
2. Use only notepad. No IDE required. No execution is required.
3. Use Entitiy Framework Connection Entity as - AccMVCtechEntity(just use this and write the code to utilize EF.)
Conditions:
1. While executing HttpPost Method, Get view(Point 5) should not render and while executing HttpGet Menthod, Post view should not hide.(Partial View not allowded)
2. Page should allow all type of format of files.
3. Should be able to save those uploaded files in the different folders as per the format and suffix last 5 digits of UniqueID is must.
4. If uploaded file is excel/csv, it should have ability of export to database.
5. After upload, MVC created Unique ID, folder path, uploaded user and uploaded date should display without distrubing the HttpPost handling view. (Function Import/ direct Stored Procedures is your wish)
6. If it is excel or csv, MVC should have the ability to trigger the data processing from application. (Function Import/ direct Stored Procedures is your wish)
7. If it is excel or csv, MVC should redirect the user to another page after data processing is completed and should show the entire transaction summary.(No duplication allowed) (Function Import/ direct Stored Procedures is your wish)
8. No code is required, but just display buttons to download and Home in point 7. 


26. Dependency Injection.Explain.
27. Scaffolding Mechanism in MVC.
28. Explain JWT tokens. 
29. Async(), Await(). Explain?

Version Control:
1. What is version control in software development.
2. Different Version Control software available in market.
3. Explain TFS?
4. TFS - Centralized or Distributed.

SQL:
1. What is SQL?
2. DDL/DML/DQL - Explain with real examples.
3. Explain Joins with real examples.
4. Cross Apply, Left Outer Join Explain
5. What Inner Join and Cross Apply/Left outer join is not same?
6. Explain Left join?
7. There is Table which has employee details. 
Colums are EmpID, EmpName, ManagerID
Write a query to join EmpID and ManagerID column of single table.

8. Explain cursor with types?
9. Explain difference b/w While loop and Cursor? Under which circumstances you will use While loop over Curson or Vice-versa
10. Error Handling.
11. There are two tables Table A and Table B.
Table A columns - Emp Id, Emp Name, Manager ID
Table B columns - Manager ID, Manager Name
Both tables have 3 rows individually. Write a join to multiple the rows.

12. How will you convert cross join to inner join without modifying the syntax of Cross Join.
13. Explains different keys available and their usage.
14. Indexes and Types and uses.
15. Explain any two techniques of query optimization.
